All hail the power of Jesus' name, Let angels trust him o'er,
Let angels trust him o'er,
Great for the royal liable, And crown him, crown him, crown him,
Crown him, crown him, crown him, Crown him, and crown him, glory o'er.
Let everything, let every tribe, Of his church you call, Of his cherished home,
To him all majesty astride, And crown him, crown him, crown him,
Crown him, crown him, and crown him, glory o'er.
Let everything, let every tribe, Of his church you call, Of his cherished home,
To him all majesty astride, And crown him, crown him, crown him,
And crown him, crown him, crown him, and crown him, glory o'er.
Let everything, let every tribe, Of his church you call, Of his cherished home,
For one last time is one more clear,
I come down from the ground,
I am home,
For one last time is one more clear,
I come down from the ground,
I am home,